-- CONFIG FILE : OBLIGE 6.10
-- OBLIGE Level Maker (C) 2006-2014 Andrew Apted
-- http://oblige.sourceforge.net/

game = doom1
mode = sp
engine = gzdoom
length = single

theme = original
size = tiny
outdoors = none
caves = none

mons = less
strength = weak
weapons = normal
powers = normal
health = normal
ammo = normal

---- Modules ----

@doom_mon_control = 0

caco = default
gunner = default
Mastermind = default
skull = default
demon = default
knight = default
ss_dude = default
vile = default
zombie = default
Cyberdemon = default
baron = default
spectre = default
arach = default
mancubus = default
revenant = default
pain = default
imp = default
shooter = default

@doom_weapon_control = 0

super = default
saw = default
chain = default
plasma = default
launch = default
bfg = default
berserk = default
shotty = default

@export_map = 0

@heretic_mon_control = 0

mummy = default
Maulotaur = default
sabreclaw = default
gargoyle = default
leader = default
weredragon = default
fire_garg = default
ohpibian = default
D_Sparil = default
Ironlich = default
knight = default
disciple = default

@heretic_weapon_control = 0

crossbow = default
gauntlets = default
hellstaff = default
claw = default
firemace = default
phoenix = default

@imm_conduct = 0

helper = mixed
new_mons = scarce

@level_control = 1

secrets = none
big_rooms = none
doors = none
hallways = none
ex_floors = none
darkness = none
windows = none
switches = mixed
steepness = none
pillars = mixed
sub_rooms = none
teleporters = none
crates = none
lakes = none
symmetry = mixed
cages = none
scenics = none
pictures = none
mon_variety = few
liquids = none

@music_swapper = 0

@no_prebuilt_doom = 0

@quake2_mon_control = 0

Huge_flyer = default
parasite = default
beserker = default
brain = default
enforcer = default
grenader = default
medic = default
guard = default
guard_mg = default
Super_tank = default
tank_cmdr = default
flyer = default
shark = default
tank = default
gladiator = default
maiden = default
mutant = default
icarus = default
guard_sg = default
technician = default

@quake2_weapon_control = 0

rocket = default
rail = default
machine = default
shotty = default
chain = default
ssg = default
bfg = default
hyper = default
grenade = default

@quake_mon_control = 0

grunt = default
fiend = default
death_kt = default
ogre = default
enforcer = default
fish = default
dog = default
knight = default
tarbaby = default
shambler = default
vore = default
scrag = default
zombie = default

@quake_weapon_control = 0

rocket = default
nailgun = default
ssg = default
nailgun2 = default
zapper = default
grenade = default

@sktag_mon_control = 0

cacolant = default
superguy = default
darkimp = default
bldemon = default
abaddon = default
belphegor = default
hectebus = default

@sktag_mons = 0

def_mon = some
def_weap = some

@sktag_weap_control = 0

bfg10k = default
minigun = default
glaunch = default
railgun = default

@sky_generator = 0

@stealth_mon_control = 0

stealth_demon = default
stealth_baron = default
stealth_zombie = default
stealth_caco = default
stealth_imp = default
stealth_mancubus = default
stealth_arach = default
stealth_revenant = default
stealth_shooter = default
stealth_vile = default
stealth_knight = default
stealth_gunner = default

@stealth_mons = 0

qty = normal

@theme_ctl_doom1 = 0

episode4 = no_change
episode3 = no_change
secret = no_change
episode2 = no_change
episode1 = no_change

@theme_ctl_doom2 = 0

secret = no_change
episode2 = no_change
episode3 = no_change
episode1 = no_change

@zdoom_marine_control = 0

marine_bfg = default
marine_chain = default
marine_pistol = default
marine_ssg = default
marine_rail = default
marine_berserk = default
marine_plasma = default
marine_rocket = default
marine_fist = default
marine_saw = default
marine_shotty = default

@zdoom_marines = 0

qty = plenty

-- END --
